[ZT] Private IP filtering/logging (#8075)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/_partials/gateway/_source-internal-ip.md

---
_build:
  publishResources: false
  render: never
  list: never
inputParameters: policyType;;APIprefix
---

> Use this selector to apply $1 policies to a private IP address, assigned by a user's local network, that requests arrive to Gateway from. This selector will only apply to users connected through a [Magic GRE or IPSec tunnel](/cloudflare-one/policies/browser-isolation/setup/non-identity/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this selector to apply $1 policies to a private IP address, assigned by a user's local network, that requests arrive to Gateway from. This selector will only apply to users connected through a [Magic GRE or IPSec tunnel](/magic-wan/tutorials/secure-web-gateway/).
```
